A short note as to the work undertaken here:
We were interested in ascertaining the extent to which mass loss correlates with a material property.
This was spurred by the fact that mass loss was expected to relate to extent of polymerisation.
Despite this being highly likely given the chemistry of the polymers studied there were caveats.
To allay fair concerns surrounding these caveats we intended to practically prove a link.
This link would be between the proxy variable (mass loss under curing) and a real physical property.
This physical property would be measured practically alongside curing mass loss to summise the link.
The physical property elected was mass loss of a cured sample after extended exposure to tetrahydrofuran.

A brief introduction to the directory:
As can be seen in this directory there were two batches of 5 samples prepared.
The first was the FollowUpTest_100.
This batch is of interest for wider trends but is not considered for the purposes of this overview.
Reason being that this batch was exposed to a higher temperature than intended (100oC).
We therefore focus upon data generated under the FollowUpTest_90.
The samples prepared in this directory correspond to those cured at the correct temperature of 90oC.

Experimental Overview:
Five sample formulations which were expected to exhibit mass losses across the full observed range were sought.
These formulations were practically prepared and cured in a drying oven set to 90oC as detailed in the paper.
Mass loss under curing was ascertained for each of these cured samples.
Cured samples were extracted in tetrahydrofuran for 12 hours at room temperature under continuous agitation.
Recovered samples were dried before ascertaining mass loss under extraction.

Notes on Experiment:
Three specimens remained sufficiently intact for quantitative recovery of the insoluble material.
Across these specimens, increasing mass loss (7.83, 8.74 and 9.00%) was accompanied by increasing 
THF-insoluble fraction (28.8, 83.9 and 98.8%, respectively).
Two further specimens disintegrated during THF exposure and could not be quantitatively recovered, 
and were therefore treated as failed measurements rather than as zero insoluble fraction.
Although limited in sample number, these measurements provide independent experimental support 
for using curing mass loss as an empirical indicator of network formation. 
We have revised the manuscript to avoid interpreting mass loss as a direct quantitative measure of 
conversion or crosslink density.

Observation:
Fine swollen threads seen in after sample 5 was exposed to tetrahydrofuran, but couldn't be retrieved
easily."